Added CH reserved properties info from KB article (#386)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/cloudhub-manage-props.adoc

To prevent CloudHub properties from overriding properties bundled with the deployable archive, change options in the `property-placeholder` element in the Mule application.
For more information about nondefault property placeholder options, see the https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/javadoc-api/org/springframework/context/support/PropertySourcesPlaceholderConfigurer.html[Spring documentation on Property Placeholder options].

== CloudHub Reserved Properties 

CloudHub reserves a set of properties and prevents apps from overwriting the values of those properties.
If an application attempts to assign a value to a reserved property, CloudHub doesn't use the assigned value.
Instead, it returns the value as set internally without throwing an error or exception.

Applications can reference reserved properties, for example, to retrieve the application name or deployment region.

> You can use the `${csorganization.id}` and `${environment.id}` properties to retrieve those values if your app makes Anypoint Platform API calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `${csorganization.id}` and `${environment.id}` properties to retrieve those values if your app makes Anypoint Platform API calls.
```

> You can use the `${worker.id}` to identify each worker in a multi-worker application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `${worker.id}` to identify each worker in a multiworker application.
```

--
[NOTE]

> The `${java.version}` property value doesn't include the point release for the JDK version.

Reviewer: I stumbled on "point release," but figured it out.
I guess I am used to "dot release"?
Can we instead use the release number, to be exact?

Author: It changes so, no.

> Additionally, CloudHub runtime release updates might upgrade the JDK.

Reviewer: Is it obvious how this second sentence is "additional" to the previous? 
It isn't to me, but...that's just me....   ;-)

--

[%header,cols="3*a"]
|===
|Property|Description|Example
|`${java.vendor}`|Vendor providing the JVM|Oracle Corporation
|`${java.runtime.name}`|JVM name|Java&#8482; SE Runtime Environment
|`${java.version}`|JVM version|1.8.0_141
|`${csorganization.id}`|Master or business group ID|09396371-2cd4-412e-8d08-4356dd3e7bfc
|`${environment.id}`|Environment ID|52a69d49e4b0e3c7324ae5b6
|`${environment.type}`|Environment type|production
|`${worker.id}`|Worker ID (for multiworker apps)|0
|`${domain}`|App name|`ch-https-41-demo`
|`${fullDomain}`|Full domain name of app|`ch-https-41-demo.au-s1.cloudhub.io`
|`${application.aws.region}`|App deployment region|`ap-southeast-2`
|`${http.port}`|HTTP port|8081
|`${https.port}`|HTTPS port|8082
|`${http.private.port}`|HTTP private port|8091
|`${https.private.port}`|HTTPS private port|8092
|`${mule.home}`|Absolute path to Mule installation|`/opt/mule/mule-4.1.1`
|`${spring.profiles.active}`|Used internally, *do not use*|`*****`

> |`${logging.*}`|Used internally, *do not use*|`*****`

Reviewer: I wonder if we have to include it, or whether we should more specifically call this out as not to be used?
I worry about stuff getting lost in a table....

> |`${host}`|Used internally for local IP address of a worker|`10.40.122.33`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`${host}`|Used internally for the local IP address of a worker|`10.40.122.33`
```

|`${anypoint.url}`|Used internally as the base Anypoint Platform URL|US: `\https://anypoint.mulesoft.com`

> GovCloud: `\https://gov.anypoint.mulesoft.com`

Reviewer: Was this intended to be commented out?
What is it?
GovCloud > MuleSoft Government Cloud

|===

--
[NOTE]

> For propriety reasons, MuleSoft doesn't make public all internal, reserved properties.

Reviewer: propriety > proprietary?

Reviewer: Does this go without saying?

Reviewer: Also, ditto re. how second sentence is "additional" to first.
